you
hi I'm John way and tonight we're going
to review another guitar from Luna
guitars this happens to be the henna
oasis from the henna series and is
available in cedar top as well as a
spruce top tonight we'll be reviewing
the spruce top which you can see in
detail here has been cut with a laser
the burning of the laser takes the
spruce wood and dis colors it or gives
it this nice finish we see here this is
under a satin finish matter of fact the
whole guitar is done in a satin finish
so if we start at the top Luna features
a two piece mahogany neck with the
splice right here on the headstock give
it a little extra strength Lunas unique
top here for the top of the headstock
and is overlaid with a piece of spruce
and you can see Lunas insignia here as
well as its namesake they've also gone
ahead and put a little bit of a laser
design in here the keys here are done in
a satin finish satin chrome it looks
very very nice and if we move down to
the nut it features a polymer not here
on top of the mahogany neck we see a
rosewood fingerboard which is surrounded
on both sides by a nice natural maple
binding if we go back into the inlays we
can see Lunas signature here which is
the abalone in lace done in the cycles
of the moon with the full moon right
here on the twelfth fret this guitar is
25 and a half inch scale and features 20
frets if we move to the body the sides
in the back of the body are all mahogany
and on this model the top is spruce the
entire body on the front and back is
bound in dark in a light colored wood
natural wood here and is very very
beautiful
the end of the finger board here is cut
to the same radius as the sound hole and
the guitar features a rosewood tail
piece here with a polymer bridge and
black plastic pins if we take a look at
the cut out here it gives you full
access to all 20 frets this guitar is a
folk body folk size and features the
b-band t35 preamp and tuner a tuner
built in as well as a face which our
volume here and a 3-band EQ base middle
and treble on the end of the guitar here
you see a jack for quarter inch and XLR
jack and a convenient battery
compartment here for the preamp well
let's hear what it sounds like if we
play it unplugged here's our acoustic
tones
the mahogany body gives it some nice
warmth
if we now turn up the volume with a
guitar plugged in here it is in its
electric form
and we can turn our base down our middle
up or down in our treble up as well as
controlling the sound with the face
which
you
face which is a nice feature
well I hope you get a chance to play one
of these guitars soon and to learn more
about them you can go to ww you know
guitars com thanks for spending a few
minutes with us and have a good night